bib2cv is a web-based application that helps you generate your academic CV from your BibTeX file. You can copy and paste your BibTeX entries into your profile page, and then view your CV in various formats.
<br /><br />

<a href="register.php">Register</a> or <a href="login.php">Log in</a> to get started. You can also <a href="test.php">try out bib2cv</a> by pasting your BibTeX entries and see the formatted output immediately.

<h3>Tools</h3>
We provide several tools to make it easier for you to manage your BibTeX entries. 
<ul>
  <li><a href="/lib/doi/key.php" target="_blank">Find duplication keys</a>: This tool helps you find duplicate keys in your BibTeX entries to ensure each entry has a unique identifier.</li>
  <li><a href="/lib/doi/index.php" target="_blank">Fetch BibTeX by DOI</a>: This tool allows you to retrieve BibTeX entries using their DOI (Digital Object Identifier) from crossref. You can use one or multiple DOIs at once.</li>
  <li><a href="/lib/doi/getdoi.php" target="_blank">Extract doi</a>: This tool can extract doi from text. For example, you can paste your current CV and extract all DOIs.</li>
  <li><a href="/lib/bibtex-tidy/index.html" target="_blank">BibTeX Tidy</a>: This is a tool developed by <a href="https://github.com/FlamingTempura">Peter West</a> to clean up and format bibtex entries.</li>
  <li><a href="https://doi.crossref.org/simpleTextQuery" target="_blank">Search for DOI</a>: You can use a <a href="https://doi.crossref.org/simpleTextQuery" target="_blank">tool by CrossRef</a> to search for DOIs of your publications.</li>
</ul>

<h3>Examples</h3>
For a demonstration of bib2cv, you can check out the following example CVs generated by bib2cv:
<ul>
<li>The HTML CV: <a href="https://bib2cv.com/cv.php?id=4" target="_blank">Johnny Zhang</a>. Here is the <a href="https://bib2cv.com/examples/zhang.bib" target="_blank">bib file</a>.</li>
</ul>  

<h3>How to use bib2cv?</h3>

Once you <a href="login.php">Log in</a>, you can go to your <a href="profile.php">Profile</a> page to update your BibTeX entries, or view your <a href="cv.php">CV</a> directly.  You can copy and paste your BibTeX entries into the text area, and then click the "Save" button to save your changes.  <br /><br />

Beyond the typical BibTeX entries such as @article, @book, @inproceedings, etc., you can also use the following custom entry types to include additional information in your CV.<br /><br />

<h4>Personal Information</h4>

You can define a @person entry to include your personal information such as name, affiliation, email, address, website (url), etc. For example:<br /><br />

<pre>
@person{johnnyzhang,
        author = {Johnny Zhang},
        email  = {zhiyongzhang@nd.edu},
        affiliation = {University of Notre Dame},
        title  = {Professor},
        url    = {https://bigdatalab.nd.edu},
}
</pre>

This gives the basic information about you, which will be displayed at the top of your CV page. <br /><br />

<a target="_blank" href="https://bigdatalab.nd.edu">Johnny Zhang</a></b></span><br /><span class="articleJournal">Professor</span><br />University of Notre Dame<br /><a target="_blank" href="mailto:zhiyongzhang@nd.edu">zhiyongzhang@nd.edu</a><br /><a target="_blank" href="https://bigdatalab.nd.edu">https://bigdatalab.nd.edu</a>

<h4>Education Information</h4>

You can define multiple @education entries to include your education information such as degree, school, major, year, etc. For example:<br /><br />

<pre>
@education{Zhang_2008f,
     degree={Ph.D.},
     school={University of Virginia},
     major={Psychology},
     year={2008}, 
}
</pre>

This will be displayed in the Education section of your CV.<br /><br />

2008 Ph.D. in Psychology from University of Virginia.

<h4>Professional Services</h4>

You can define multiple @service entries to include your professional service information such as role, organization, year of service, etc. For example:<br /><br />

<pre>
@service{zhang_service1,
      year      = {2021-Now},
      role     = {Editor},
      organization   = {Journal of Behavioral Data Science},
      url       = {https://jbds.isdsa.org},
}
</pre>

This will be displayed in the Professional Service section of your CV.<br /><br />

2019 - Now, Editor, <a target="_blank" href="https://jbds.isdsa.org">Journal of Behavioral Data Science</a>.

<h4>Awards</h4>

You can define multiple @award entries to include your awards information such as name, organization, year, etc. For example:<br /><br />

<pre>
@award{zhang_award1,
      year      = {2025},
      name     = {Best Paper Award},
      organization   = {International Society for Data Science and Analytics},
      url       = {https://isdsa.org},
}
</pre>

This will be displayed in the Awards section of your CV.<br /><br />

2025 Best Paper Award, <a target="_blank" href="https://isdsa.org">International Society for Data Science and Analytics</a>.


<h4>Work Experience</h4>

You can define multiple @work entries to include your work experience such as position, organization, start year, end year, etc. For example:<br /><br />
P
<pre>
@work{Zhang_2010a,
     position={Professor},
     organization={Big Data Lab, University of Notre Dame},
     startyear={2020},
     endyear={Now},
}
</pre>

This will be displayed in the Work Experience section of your CV.<br /><br />

2020 - Now Professor, Big Data Lab, University of Notre Dame.

<h4>Grants and Funding</h4>
You can define multiple @grants entries to include your grants and funding information such as title, sponsor, role, amount, year, etc. For example:<br /><br />

<pre>
@grants{Zhang_2021g,
     author={Zhiyong Zhang},
     role={PI},
     PI={Zhiyong Zhang},
     CI={Ke-Hai Yuan and Lijuan Wang},
     sponsor={Institute of Education Sciences},
     title={Methods and Software for Handling Network Data and Text Data in Structural Equation Modeling},
     year={2021-2025},
     amount = {861,354},
     url={https://ies.ed.gov/funding/grantsearch/details.asp?ID=4540}
}
</pre>

This will be displayed in the Grants and Funding section of your CV.<br /><br />

<span class="bibauthor">Zhang, Z. </span> (2021-2025, PI).  <a target="_blank" href="https://ies.ed.gov/funding/grantsearch/details.asp?ID=4540"><span class="articleJournal">Methods and Software for Handling Network Data and Text Data in Structural Equation Modeling</span></a>. PI: Zhiyong Zhang. Co-I: Ke-Hai Yuan and Lijuan Wang. Amount: $861,354. Institute of Education Sciences. 

<h4>Presentations</h4>
You can define multiple @presentation entries to include your presentations information such as title, conference, type (e.g., Symposium), address, year, and URL. For example:<br /><br />

<pre>
@presentation{zhang_pres1,
      author    = {Yuan, Ke-Hai and Zhang, Zhiyong},
      year      = {2015},
      month     = {May},
      title     = {Methods and software for statistical power analysis with non-normal data},
      conference = {the 27th Annual Convention of the Association for Psychological Science},
      address   = {New York, NY}, 
      type      = {Symposium},
      url       = {https://example.com/presentation}
}
</pre>

This will be displayed in the Presentations section of your CV.<br /><br />

<span class="bibauthor">Yuan, K.-H. and Zhang, Z. </span> (2015). <span class="bibtitle"><em>Methods and software for statistical power analysis with non-normal data</em></span>. Symposium presented at the 27th Annual Convention of the Association for Psychological Science, New York, NY. 

<br />
<br />
bib2cv is developed by <a href="https://bigdatalab.nd.edu" target="_blank">Johnny Zhang</a> based on <a href="https://github.com/monperrus/bibtexbrowser" target="_blank">bibtexbrowser</a> by <a href="https://github.com/monperrus" target="_blank">Martin Monperrus</a>.

